h1. YOURLS Pseudonymize Plugin

This plugin "pseudonymizes" the IP addresses so that it is in line with the German privacy laws.

This effectively means, that the last segment of an IP address is changed into a 0 ("zero"), thus removed.

*IPv4 and IPv6 addresses are supported.*

*NOTE*: Requires PHP >= 5.2.0 due to "filter_var":http://php.net/manual/en/function.filter-var.php usage.

h2. Download

Latest version: <a href="https://raw.github.com/ubicoo/yourls-pseudonymize/master/plugin.php">plugin.php</a>

h2. Install

Copy plugin.php to *YOURLS_HOME*/user/plugins/yourls-pseudonymize folder and activate via the admin menu.

h2. Support

<a href="http://blog.yourls.org/forums/topic/yourls-pseudonymize-plugin/">Discuss about this plugin</a> in the YOURLS forum.

<a href="https://github.com/ubicoo/yourls-pseudonymize/issues/new">File an issue</a> right here on the GitHub project home.

h2. MIT License

Copyright (c) 2010 Ubicoo - http://www.ubicoo.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
